# ML1
Assessing predictive accuracy of classification algorithms
We choose three different datasets that all have a categorical output or dependent variable, in order to test three classification algorithms to determine which is best suited to the dataset. The datasets we worked on were Car Evaluation Dataset, Bank Marketing Dataset and Leukemia Dataset. Parametric and nonparametric classifiers were implemented. The classification methods used on all three datasets were the Random Forest classifier, Multinomial Logistic Regression, and Neural Networks. We compare these algorithms of classification and check which algorithm is optimal for the specific dataset. As an evaluation method, we chose Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC), which is a comparison of sensitivity versus false positive rate. After the evaluation we concluded Random forest outperformed all the other methods on the Bank Marketing and Leukemia Datasets. A neural network performed best on the Car Dataset. We conclude that while random forests perform better well on a wide range of datasets, performance of any given model varies substantially across datasets and that it is worthwhile to test   a   variety   of   options.
The leukemia dataset was taken from https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/gene+expression+cancer+RNA-Seq#
The car dataset was taken from https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/car/
The bank marketing dataset was taken from http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bank+Marketing
